USER STORY US1: Open and close the tollbooth gate
  The tollbooth gate can be in either an open or closed state. As a tollbooth operator
  I should be able to tell the gate to open or close. I expect that the gate will change
  to the appropriate state. If it cannot do so, because of a hardware malfunction or
  an obstruction, the gate will indicate that a problem has occurred.

USER STORY US2: Query the tollbooth gate's state
  As a parking facility employee I need to be able to determine the current state
  of a tollbooth gate. I should be able to select the gate and ask whether it is
  open or closed. I should get the current state of the gate, or "unknown" if the
  gate's state cannot be determined or the gate is offline.

USER STORY US3: Initialize a tollbooth gate
  As a parking facility administrator I should be able to configure the tollbooth
  gates in the system. Each gate has a unique, non-blank ID that
  identifies it. When the parking facility system is initialized the gates are
  initialized. When a gate is initialized, it is placed in the closed state.

USER STORY US3A: Initialize a tollbooth gate
  As a parking facility administrator I should be able to configure the tollbooth
  gates in the system. When the parking facility system is initialized the gates are
  initialized. When a gate is initialized, it is placed in the closed state.

USER STORY US3B: Unique gate ID
  Each tollbooth gate will have a unique, non-blank ID.

USER STORY US4: Activate and deactivate a tollbooth gate
  As a parking facility employee I should be able to activate and deactivate a 
  tollbooth gate. I might deactivate a gate, for example, when it malfunctions and
  requires maintenance. When it is fixed, I would reactivate it. When a gate is
  deactivated, it will not respond to any message except a message to reactivate it or
  a message to get the current state.
  When a gate is activated, it is put in the closed state.
  When a gate is deactivated, you can still find out the gate's state and it will return
  DEACTIVATED as in the . This is the only thing you
  can do to a deactivated gate besides activate it.

USER STORY US5: Automatically close the gate
  As an administrator of a parking facility, I would like to be able to
  tell the system to automatically close a tollbooth gate after some time
  has passed from when it was open. I want to do this to avoid having multiple
  vehicles entering and exiting the facility without each of them paying the
  appropriate fees. When I configure / initialize the gate, I should be able
  to provide a time period, in seconds, that should elapse after the gate has
  been opened. When that period elapses, the system should close the gate. If
  I do not provide any time period, then the gate should not automatically
  close. but remain open until the system explicitly closes it.

USER STORY US6: Safe gate close
  As a tollbooth gate operator, I want to be sure that the gate does not close when a 
  vehicle has not cleared the gate's path. Even if I have told the gate to close, it 
  should not close until the vehicle has cleared the gate's path. If a vehicle is 
  obstructing the gate, then the gate should wait an appropriate number of seconds 
  and then try to close again. This can be repeated up to five times. After five times, 
  the gate should issue an alert (exception) that can be used to notify me.